cap people is at 9 17 8
today we find ourselves for a small
tutorial as you had you like you
saw it in the title as a crack
and fender machado version 1.3 pc so
already we'll have to finally get bacon
chief points vip and then you create
a file
I do not know me on your desk or in
a folder lease at my house managed our miss
länder name you as you want me
I do not care completely
So here we are then opened
with the archiver inra then we reduce
the page if you sanaa that one not put
in place a group but here I was
your your six länder of open game louvre
then all you need to do in
done it's all selected here and the
put in there
good it take a little bit of
time so do not worry the links
the link to me loire the link for that
does not give a gift a version includes
3 pc for linux for mac and for windows
will be to the description of zinc and
depends so that's so then mostly
you do not delete and especially not the
folder player remember from surprised
but no longer this folder this folder
there is super important that's where there is
all the maps and that's where there is
the license as if you have the version
paying so in fact so against their
enemy you can delete it us
are crazy it's a text document
lycées appeared here then we can
start everything is quiet
here weeds
the idea rio like I do not have a place
so by cons the only thing that to my
notice you are finally going to bother you
could have bothered you if I 'm I do not
do not put in the description everything
in fact simply is the early
first time you play it in
does it ask you for a serial code and
well the serial code it's all simple
as it is a cracked version 20 20x
9 so you hold back well you have to do 9
x or sells so August to press you 9
20 times then you do this myth
normally it should work no no
does not work yeah that's okay so
now they will ask you to
choose a color of glo stick the glow
stick appeared in the version
menschen so here you choose
your biostick color to full of
stuff like that
that's cool it's first of all what I
will choose
this is the hunter and here you have
all versions so that's inside
moss pleated montari mansion
claustrophobia 7th street carnival prison
finally carnival it was not a
a card that had above all
simply because in fact you
explains this young norman chad ho it's
simply an application that
groups all slenders with an engine
graphic edit then down every
versions and two more versions so
carnival what is it
humanitarian sentiments added it's
no nonsense do october halloween
what there is another package of the site and
version 1.6 than to learn before these
denières manchado was simply
in version 11.10 so then it is 1.2
for special christmas so before he
tends 1.2 and then after ben he added
that and that was again 3 so here
that's all that's all
added with that and then there is also a
high score menu to see the maximum of
pages you did the maximum of
pages and and objects that you did
on maps
that's it and in the chris world
noth special bat christmas it's done
think akwaba christmas christmas special ben
sorry I'm sick a little so everything
just low and a map where there is a
Santa claus chasing us he's flying to the
page of the seminar here I hope that
this video remind me me in everything
case I took pleasure in doing it even
if I did this tutorial to rabies
I hope this video will have you
that a
in any case not me to death has much more
to do it to you and bah me I say
attracts young lease